README.md, before:

# prl-cos-api

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmcts/prl-cos-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hmcts/prl-cos-api)

## Notes

This is manage order changes base branch  test.

Update with master - Respondent dynamic task list with stop representation.

Since Spring Boot 2.1 bean overriding is disabled. If you want to enable it you will need to set `spring.main.allow-bean-definition-overriding` to `true`.


JUnit 5 is now enabled by default in the project. Please refrain from using JUnit4 and use the next generation

### Building and deploying the application

### Building the applications

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool. It already contains
`./gradlew` wrapper script, so there's no need to install gradle.

To build the project execute the following command:

```bash
  ./gradlew build
```

### Running the application

Create the image of the application by executing the following command:

```bash
  ./gradlew assemble
```

Create docker image:

```bash
  docker-compose build
```

Run the distributions (created in `build/install/prl-cos-api` directory)
by executing the following command:

```bash
  docker-compose up
```

This will start the API container exposing the application's port
(set to `4044` in this template app).

In order to test if the application is up, you can call its health endpoint:

```bash
  curl http://localhost:4044/health
```

You should get a response similar to this:

```
  {"status":"UP","diskSpace":{"status":"UP","total":249644974080,"free":137188298752,"threshold":10485760}}
```

### Alternative script to run application

To skip all the setting up and building, just execute the following command:

```bash
./bin/run-in-docker.sh
```

For more information:

```bash
./bin/run-in-docker.sh -h
```

Script includes bare minimum environment variables necessary to start api instance. Whenever any variable is changed or any other script regarding docker image/container build, the suggested way to ensure all is cleaned up properly is by this command:

```bash
docker-compose rm
```

It clears stopped containers correctly. Might consider removing clutter of images too, especially the ones fiddled with:

```bash
docker images

docker image rm <image-id>
```

There is no need to remove postgres and java or similar core images.

#### Troubleshooting

### Managing Preview environment PODs
Make sure you have added the label 'enable_keep_helm' while creating the PR. Otherwise, add the label and re-trigger the build.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

updated readme file to include instructions to run FT's

README.md, after:

# prl-cos-api

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmcts/prl-cos-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hmcts/prl-cos-api)

## Notes

This is manage order changes base branch  test.

Update with master - Respondent dynamic task list with stop representation.

Since Spring Boot 2.1 bean overriding is disabled. If you want to enable it you will need to set `spring.main.allow-bean-definition-overriding` to `true`.


JUnit 5 is now enabled by default in the project. Please refrain from using JUnit4 and use the next generation

### Building and deploying the application

### Building the applications

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool. It already contains
`./gradlew` wrapper script, so there's no need to install gradle.

To build the project execute the following command:

```bash
  ./gradlew build
```

### Running the application

Create the image of the application by executing the following command:

```bash
  ./gradlew assemble
```

Create docker image:

```bash
  docker-compose build
```

Run the distributions (created in `build/install/prl-cos-api` directory)
by executing the following command:

```bash
  docker-compose up
```

This will start the API container exposing the application's port
(set to `4044` in this template app).

In order to test if the application is up, you can call its health endpoint:

```bash
  curl http://localhost:4044/health
```

You should get a response similar to this:

```
  {"status":"UP","diskSpace":{"status":"UP","total":249644974080,"free":137188298752,"threshold":10485760}}
```

### Alternative script to run application

To skip all the setting up and building, just execute the following command:

```bash
./bin/run-in-docker.sh
```

For more information:

```bash
./bin/run-in-docker.sh -h
```

Script includes bare minimum environment variables necessary to start api instance. Whenever any variable is changed or any other script regarding docker image/container build, the suggested way to ensure all is cleaned up properly is by this command:

```bash
docker-compose rm
```

It clears stopped containers correctly. Might consider removing clutter of images too, especially the ones fiddled with:

```bash
docker images

docker image rm <image-id>
```

There is no need to remove postgres and java or similar core images.

#### Troubleshooting

### Managing Preview environment PODs
Make sure you have added the label 'enable_keep_helm' while creating the PR. Otherwise, add the label and re-trigger the build.

### Functional Tests
#### On Jenkins Pipeline
In order to make the Functional tests pass on Jenkins pipeline we will have to make some changes in values.preview.template.yaml
file. We will have to point AAT URLs instead of Preview URLs for the below properties:
```
CORE_CASE_DATA_API_URL
CCD_CASE_DOCS_AM_API
ACA_SERVICE_API_BASEURL
BUNDLE_URL
```
#### On Local
Running Functional tests on local would require to add all the secrets values in the `src/main/resources/application.yaml` and `src/functionalTest/resources/application.yaml` files.
Along with this run the class `uk.gov.hmcts.reform.prl.Application` using Run/Debug configurations and once its started then you can test the Functional Test cases.

CAUTION NOTE:
Make sure we don't commit the secrets over GitHub as it's a security violation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
